never about a welcome action rule and
place binding once again plus
yesterday's daily was really fun
you were the lost you couldn't shoot
your tears you had familiars we didn't
do boss rush or hush because it was not
going to be plausible to succeed and
survive however we got thirty nine
thousand eight hundred eighty six points
came 91st a ranking of one point zero
nine percent dial not as amazing as I
thought but considerably didn't do the
Hail Mary of naught or the Hail Mary of
doing boss rush and hush I can
understand it we also have another lost
day like today but that's okay this is a
lost daily what's or you couldn't see
that ah that goes to the show floor
which means in theory it should go to
the void floor which means you probably
want to leave before you fight delirium
but we'll see
I normally I like to at least try to go
for it but we'll see how the world
shakes out here yet definitely do not
welcome the spikes that's hurting for a
score than their what a gross way to
phrase that anyway I like the loss for
some reason I think I tend to perform
better as the lost and as the average
character you're wondering why I haven't
taken mom's wig yet I'm like 50/50 not
on mom's wig as an item I think it's a
good item possibly even a great item
because it scales with your rate of fire
kind of like the Mulligan so the more
frequently you fire a tear the more
likely you are those nothing more likely
you are but the more spiders you will
generate as a result of that so I think
if you can stack up tiers it's really
nice but also is the lost you kind of
want to ball out of control if you want
to do well first off if you want to be
with me baby there's a price to pay I'm
a genie in the boss rush you've got to
rub me the right way there's a better
parity there give me a second if you
want to pick up me it's not really
proper phrasing with that that starts if
you wanna pick up me baby there's a
price to pay
Polyphemus in the bass rush get to me by
minute Wednesday it sort of works you
know this is like
you're watching Kanye West make a beat
right now and just sort of see it in my
head it cleaned the community anyway um
I I think I'm just going to take it it
seems like a sensible approach to me to
take mom's wig plus it allows us to kill
a little bit of the time that we've got
with are you a wizard here making it to
the boss rush by itself is like a decent
challenge as the lost we really would be
hoping for like a good course spider-man
we've really be hoping for a good deal
with the devil on the next floor but
let's just hope that we live long enough
to experience a deal with the devil on
the next floor and for those of you
unaware I am deliberately skipping
tinted rocks if we get smaller ah that's
actually extremely useful however I
don't really want to speed down read yet
we could survive it but I don't really
want it and I want to save bombs because
they could be like I mean first off
secret rooms you know they have a
potentiality especially on second secret
rooms to give us runes that could give
us some value but beyond that you know
if we get in trouble against this boss
so you might just want to drop a bomb
down and save ourselves the trouble of
having to deal with it but now that we
get a speed plus range upgrade we can
definitely absorb a speed downgrade
without it being too much of a problem
as long as it's a productive speed
downgrade I can't be mad about it so
this is like the perfect sort of daily
setup for me what did I ask for in
dailies I hope this is Nicolas going
like be careful what you wish for we
watch your videos and be careful what
you wish for because like this is
actually what I asked for specifically
is you know less dailies where you have
a decent amount of HP but no damage and
more dailies where you know if you want
to make a challenging just make you play
as the loft maybe you know I'm not I'm
not taking credit for it it's probably
just coincidence however if you're mad
about it what can I say enjoy the Lost
he's the most dynamic player in
sports-entertainment right now another
speed upgrade linger beam is at least
like okay it's at least a passive
we could survive with the with an active
right now it doesn't even have to be
that good because we're looking to
replace the the d4 so we don't
accidentally press the spacebar when
we're like trying to skip the boss intro
might as well pick it up it I think it
doesn't give you points like we saw on
the last run that it doesn't give you
points but we might as well give it a
shot
one bomb kind of has me interested in
going to the boss fight immediately we
didn't fight a jerk on the last floor
like we didn't fight little horn
we didn't fight the haunt so we might
have like a genuine challenge but we
might as well now just you know give it
the old college try here okay that was
very lucky to not be hit to take these
guys out it's really just you know
maximizing our advantages more bombs
would be sweet it's kind of what I asked
for but not specifically and I hate you
so that's our secret room probably I'm
just going to shoot these quickly it
probably won't be the difference-maker
between getting the boss rush you're not
getting the boss rush it we might not be
able to handle boss rush anyway so a
regular version of little horn with no
fires this is fine and if it sounds like
I'm talking a lot about Isaac and not
talking a lot about you know random riff
Raff's
you you be right but it's because of the
fact that you know the run is a
challenge right now I also walked right
into little horn so I'm trying to get
these spiders if possible there we go we
did it we did it we did it got HP which
doesn't matter no Krampus no Krampus we
get the pentagram let's go find the
regular secret room this is not that
good
like the pentagram doesn't save us from
a death probably worth it the pentagram
doesn't save us from death or anything
like that but it does improve our damage
and give us a better deal with the devil
champ so it's not bad we're going to
head down on the next floor not even
pick up the HP because we don't need HP
unless we come back to life with
somebody else so it might seem like the
dailies have been like too on topic
recently I've been talking too much
Isaac you saying an L I don't need to
know all this Isaac stuff I know all
about Isaac I've been watching this game
for five years I know all there is to
know and you're right but you know you
watch basketball for five years you
watch football for five years you know
what are the commentators say you know
third and two they'll probably go over a
rushing play here John you know you
still got to talk about the game it's
analysis idle chitchat and especially
with a run as this character the lost
very important you got a yeah you have
two purposes like explain how the games
go and build a narrative occasionally
make up a song parody we already knocked
up the song parody right off the bat now
if we see Polyphemus and boss rush it's
like the prophecy is is foretold I've
already forgotten it was if you want to
pick up me I'm just going to pop the
Empress right away to make our life
easier baby there's a price to pay
Polyphemus on the bass rush you've got
to a rad minute twenty okay like it's
slightly syllabic lee improper slightly
syllabic also my rap name I'm a
linguistic rapper I've got extreme
phonemes but I look like a fur trapper
this is like a bad flight of the
conchords analog in there somewhere but
they stay alert and stay safe like a
Canadian after-school special TSA I mean
do you want remote then Nader here it
gives us five bombs so we take it but do
we hold it seems like kind of a bit of a
whip right I'm not saying it's worse
than the d4 I'm just saying we probably
never use it to begin with and then
beyond that the d4 is unlikely to ever
be useful for us but if it is ever
useful for us then it's going to be more
useful than the remote detonator remote
detonator is like when you press the
button you get X X is a known quantity
you get a bomb that explodes d4 is like
when you press a button you roll a 200
sided die you could get anything out of
that sure you could get the worst role
of all time you could roll a 1 out of
200 we've done that on probably more
occasions than one you could roll a 200
we've probably done that on more
occasions than one as well I don't think
we need this I mean like I don't think
this provides us with any value we have
enough bombs that I would look for a
second secret room just does try to get
a rune or something so just be cool here
this is this is a tough room now it's
not the spiders are very helpful
gerrae is not that good for us right now
but it's worth holding we're not going
down to the chest of the thing hoggle Oz
is irrelevant on soos is largely
irrelevant blank rune was the God so it
does nothing for us and perthro
which also gave us another blank room so
he might as well try to / throw this
even though this might not be per throw
again it was / sir we get shot speeding
the car that's something the card is
temperance which is irrelevant so it's
hollow Ciera or on soos and I mean you
go yera at least we can try to get a
point boost out of it but it's not
really very meaningful at all probably
could get lucky I suppose
here okay golden chest tempting better
closer warmer I kind of any words we're
doing actually very well considering
that we're not ballin out of control
we're way ahead of schedule but we're
way ahead of schedule apparently is like
slightly more than a minute ahead of
schedule we've been a little overly
optimistic and our stats aren't that
good but they're okay particularly our
speed which is important inherently in
the dodging factors so it helps if you
can like shoot these enemies ever the
only reason I'm not going it's a lot of
key usage early man the only reason I'm
not going to the cursor right now is
because I'm a little scared about you
know will we be able to get out of there
we don't have a get-out-of-jail-free
cards so it can be a little scary but I
think we should do it I've got super
mind flooded there I don't know do I
want to fight bosses right now we
probably could take them but I believe
catacombs 2 is like mega fatty just
wanted to take out one easy one first to
make my life a little simpler mega fatty
mega moth which can be like genuinely
concerning so no tell appeals please
perks so you definitely do pop that
because you've got the holy mantle
invincibility anybody who dies opening a
mimic just trust me when I say that I
feel your pain you might not think that
I feel your pain but I feel your pain
how could NL Isaac superstar and the
most electrifying man in
sports-entertainment
feel my pain trust me I've been there
I've been there recently I built on home
there I talked to the real estate agent
I said this is where I grew up and she
said whatever man just give me a 15%
down payment and I said in this economy
you're lucky you're getting anything at
all speaking of anything at all we got
shielded tears which is with a 10 rate
of fire strikes me as being not amazing
we'll just have to be that much more
clever in our interactions on this run
got plenty of money you didn't give me a
chance
like if the door just opened more slowly
I would have been happier but it was a
well-greased hinge there on that door I
expected it to be like earlier like a
creepy old haunted house but instead it
was like something straight out of a
cheap TV either way I was going to say
we had a lot of money so that makes us
prime for the great fight because now
that we can actually buy something of
course the shop is going to be
functionally not worth very much
although Steam sale if we end up wanting
to go to the hush fight which will
probably mean that I have picked up a
Kaos card at some point surely you can
do worse read hard probable secret room
you got enough bombs to check for
certain you know we want to rack up as
many points as possible as early as
possible because we might not live
through this fight so this whole run so
you know being able to get points
wherever they're available in the early
game seems fairly important for me which
is why I'm even hesitating to use bombs
in a situation like this even though it
seems obvious that it's a right course
of action if not the right course of
action
so got 14 left still ahead of schedule
although slowing down a little bit there
we go go ahead dude if you don't find
the second secret room here you could
find yourself in trouble that might have
been a seam that we just found that
opens things up for us now we're lucky
we're fighting the hollow let's get two
birds stoned at once there one of them
exploding to give us two spirit arts the
spirit hearts give us two points each
what an investment and then we get a
range of gravy don't care about and two
little brims log flight to Little
Britain it's good question I guess
because I had a gyro rune I've got two
little brains made sense here but now we
get one little brim and we might as well
take the nail it allows us to crush
rocks and the d4 is not doing jack for
us
so we head down to the next floor we
gotta be careful for many reasons but we
know we also have Krampus available
which is why it's like the principal
reason for my concern right now so you
only get a 0.9 1 damage increase from
pop in the nail it's still worth having
but it's like the world's worst book of
Belial and surely without any respawns
this doesn't give us a great ability to
do boss rush because like we don't get
the spirit heart out of it to begin with
so what's the what's the game plan here
like honestly a great pickup for us
lazar eggs is is take a bull but not
functionally usable because holding
mantle is so much better than coming
back with 1 hp under normal
circumstances but if we can get like a
Judas asado pickup and productively
invoke it dude first off this is why
you're watching this channel right use
in terms of phrases like productively
invoke ooh for those of you who didn't
get enough ambiguous verbosity in school
or from watching old Don King promos
when he used to represent Mike Tyson
here you go
but a productive Judas of shadow use
could give us
a leg up on the competition here mostly
because of the nail so we have like
really good damage you go into boss rush
as well that was no I hate this just one
guy
we've lived okay that was a mean I
almost mind flooded myself out of
existence there kidney stone I hate it
mostly I hate the way I don't hate it
not even a little not even at all mom's
box of trinkets has given us the ability
to unlock things and you know what I
actually think that mom's box of
trinkets beats the pants off the nail
right now the nail giving us a zero
point nine eleven damage increase once
every six rooms means nothing actually
nothing being able to get a half-decent
trinket which we don't have yet being
able to get a half-decent trinket at
some point strikes me as being way way
way more useful little brims do an
amazing work by the way in case you're
unaware how I feel about this item 21
sad bombs means that for the next floor
we should be crushing it no none of
these guys I really thought that might
have been the end there Maggie's fate is
irrelevant so we'll stick with what we
got here still on pace just got to be
careful you know we we've probably
gotten past the ld50 on this room we
need that's that's a new stat you're up
I'm not going to tell you what to do
you're a busy person I'm sure but for my
selfish reasons I would love to see like
the point at which 50% of the people had
died on a run or at least like the point
level where you've crossed over the
median while we were one room away from
the boss fight this whole time we're so
close to the fruition of I'm a genie on
your boss rush which is actually
Polyphemus on your boss rush
we're taking a lot more sloppy damage
than usual this is easy wait for him to
jump that was not a that was a jump I
actually need to wait for him to leap
what I mean to say then you dumped a
little sad bombs action on we're gonna
have to go a little faster than I'd like
to be forced to we're in it to win it
here little - of course not Krampus
Necronomicon
I mean it's actually tempting but our
trinkets are not good enough yet so
we'll just say thank you for like the
bookworm potentiality and then we'll
move on with our lives here we shouldn't
you know cry about it I think we're fine
with that
we shouldn't cry about it if we don't
make it to boss rush like when everyday
we you guys do the same pattern you know
that's not first off bad look secondly
due to all the needless minor speed down
graves but secondly we're in our present
state we're not going to do boss rush
this is not a boss rush where they run
right now we should still try to make it
because you might pick up you know Judas
a shadow of boss rush it's a win-win but
certainly as of right now it's not it's
not compulsory to have a great run
although I did I will say I looked at
the leaderboards and my guess is that
there are at least a few people out
there who managed to do boss rush maybe
hush as well and shielded tears probably
helps out a lot with that but you know
are you hush is more important because
it gives us void floor access but you're
really going to do the Delirium fight on
this one spoon vendors good thinking
like the only seem that I mean what's
the point right the only scene that I
might have not seen is using the blank
room that turned out to be per throw to
get something even better than we got if
we could take both of these trinkets
they would be a dream come true but we
can't so anyway we don't care about
smelting Calais here which is a great
name
but I will pay seven cents to smelt a
lock upgrade and then keep rolling with
the moms trinket I recognize we're
skipping these tinted rocks that should
probably shouldn't go we're running out
of time
oh the governor nevermind first off get
get a charge on this but you do want
blank card Guerra from this point
onwards that's obvious I don't know what
you're going to do with it except pick
up unlimited a little consumables that
you barely have any use for but we might
as well take it and then our other
trinket is going to be bloody crown so
as skeptical as you might have been this
ended up being completely worth it which
is kind of hilarious that this
incredibly roundabout plan has come
through to fruition here
why is dark Prince's crown that good
it's item rooms on the womb man that
might give us a play for for being able
to beat hush because right now I mean
let's just be honest boss rush is is not
a likely situation we still have to beat
Mom and we have to beat mom quickly
enough which is looking decent you can
always take two hits on a mom fight
that did not hit me but should have I
walked right into it
can you sound perfect okay so we're
going to we have curse of the blind
we're gonna pick up the Polaroid we're
going to blow up this and look for a
teleport card we don't we don't see one
so we're going to say goodbye boss rush
so we can fight probably hush instead or
is it not how are you guys so we can
fight the Krampus instead it ended up
not being Krampus this gives us like
three spirit hearts it's just not worth
it might give us money right now
actually if it gives us money we should
take it and we should actually blank
card yeah right
[Music]
wait we didn't have curse of a blind on
this floor that was the last four but my
point still stands we're not going to do
boss rush on this run and we never were
hopefully it's a little bit of a whiff
but what kind of wouldn't be an NL Isaac
winter there wasn't a little bit of a
wisp and now our odds of getting to our
odds of getting to the hush fight are
much greater we're still kind of looking
for a chaos card but I would give up
blank card Year effort for chaos and a
heart beat food and if you're if you're
mad about the boss rush play I do want
to inform you first off you're entitled
to be I didn't really want to throw up a
you know 21 minute daily after getting
it twice though all that's the
moneymaker right there three damage
increases like our first sizable damage
increase over the course of the entire
game secondly we would have died there's
like a 2% chance we would have live and
I know you if you're on that side of
things you're thinking as a 2% chance
but if it hadn't worked it would have
been sick you're not wrong
burns me up a little bit too if it had
worked it would have been sick but 49
times out of 50 kind of pulled the
number out of my butt obviously but 49
times out of 50 we're getting nothing
out of that we're using blank our gara
improperly
of course and should stop go keep the
cursor room I'm ready now jizz yes why
is this valuable this is valuable
because it's a Zayn enabler as rich as
that may sound we lose blank card Yara
but if we're not getting consistent
items of from chests basically blank
cards Yara is like actually quite
literally irrelevant I think this should
just be money never mind we'll just
never get anything out of it if we're
able especially we can get like a third
charge like this is two charges this is
algae's a blank card followed by algae's
algae's we could probably beat the hush
with zero risk if we had three algae's
rooms this only gives us two right now
so it's not enough to necessarily Popoff
but it's a start I didn't mention by the
way but to get a score in like the the
top 30 aka you know a leaderboard
position today I think you only need
44,000 or something we that's just going
to make our life a living hell so we're
not going to I'm not going to say that
we're necessarily guaranteed to be there
I mean we played I've considered that we
played amazing on yesterday's daily by
our standards and we still finish like
just barely inside of the top 100 I'm
not to disparage by that you know
there's really good local people on
these dailies hey by the way you have
blank card algae's don't be afraid to
use it
yeah idiot that's very scary
sister biz most important thing just
dust before they can get like two
attacks off we're going to be fine okay
good work latchkey is luck and key used
to a lesser extent Krampus you knew it
had to happen big I accidentally hit the
Q key I meant to hit W and I hit Q what
a world I have chosen to make for myself
here
either way love of Cole's but of course
we're going to go back for blank card
Yara that's like it's worth an
unbelievable amount of value at this
point because I am a moron there were
scores in like the 50,000 today as well
which I just find incredible not
suspicious just incredible
that's like obviously your damage
penalty is going to be 0 so it buys you
a little bit of space but dude really
you did hush fight and boss rush or like
blank card Yared yourself into oblivion
it's incredible we're relatively on pace
here which is a little sad considering
that we've skipped boss rush to make it
happen but I got high hopes and you know
what lump of coal croc cramps I said
lump of coal cricket said it's been a
good floor as we head down to the next
floor losing algae's sucks but hey I'll
just only matters if you get hit it's up
let's just try not to all right have fun
love you too
you know we can make thanks kidney stone
we can make good use of this with blank
card dice yard well we're going to lose
hero forever either way so you Sierra
and then use blank cards dice yard
that didn't work out that well obviously
what are we looking for out of this well
I mean being able to reroll items is
fairly important right now
admittedly but at least we've got
something worth 3 rolling back there
anyway let's make it to hush just in
case we want to make it to hush I may
have made completely the wrong decisions
with our consumables here but I mostly
I'm salty that I left algae's behind by
accidentally using it on Krampus it
wasn't even like I meant to use blank
card and instead I used algae's it was
sincerely like just as a fat finger did
it was a tight boat it was a video game
typo you don't see those that often
unless you're playing like a
first-person shooter online and somebody
calls you like a homophobic slur and
then you go hey just so you know I'm
recording this for YouTube and they go
oh sorry what my brother took over the
keyboard I didn't what I didn't say
anything did he so we should be using
dice shark but I don't really want to
walk back to use dice shard every time
so kind of waiting for like a room that
drops a bunch of stuff I mean I guess
the item room is the perfect opportunity
how come we always smelted the trinket
so we can take another one it's like how
can it still be possible we have pills
were not aware of at this point we're
using the odds are that we become guppy
over the course of this single item room
probably pretty low huh we got 0.3
damage up out of the black feather
because we have a pentagram we got one
last deal with the devil oh let's go
let's go I'm you oh you're an idiot why
didn't you fight the boss first I got
mine flooded and excited what's sad is
that this is still like definitely the
right play because we're going to get
another item room out of it but you
could have done you know better than
this
and to make exactly the same mistakes
also we need to go faster but it was
still the right place that's what I want
to stress here this was the right play
you're not what you used to be bookworm
no we're one away so that's a reroll let
me get one we don't exactly know where
to go but we're strong enough that we
can make it what a strange run fun run
strange run nope yes well that deal with
the devil being totally garbage just
makes me feel like worse dude another
gulp though can't take it if it's bad
trip we just lose so yeah because our
last deal with the devil who knows that
might have might have carried us to
victory right so that one being trash
just hurts that much more but don't
throw your whole run away as a result
there's so much to live for here so much
to do so much to see we're going to go
reroll cursed I even though I don't
think it'll reroll into a nevermind it
rear old into a devil item which is
actually extremely nice for us right
eleven damage now do you fight cramped
or deep what are these days meant do you
fight hush I don't know here's the thing
we need to fight hush to get to the void
floor we could just do this one straight
to Sheol but it seems like it's almost a
little too easy at this point we can
deal with the speed upgrade nothing
wrong with that you know what's the
highest priority for us here but you go
back and reroll Anarchist Cookbook
you know hopefully something good will
probably die against hush but I think
I'd rather try and die against hush
because it's an indication that I'm
going for something bigger than myself
and if I'm reading the writing on the
wall we're gonna die against delirium
regardless
so in a way it should be freeing if we
know that we're going to die the fingers
decent enough to save a full charge if
we know that we're going to die and it
really is like 99% chance we'll die
against delirium why not just make the
hush fight happen here try to make it
work you got shielded tears you got
decent damage there is a nonzero chance
sweet I walked into the enemy that
teleported right behind me
we still live life is good
this is bravery folks not all heroes
wear capes I'm being facetious of course
all heroes definitely wear capes but we
want to I want to prove there's
something more than myself on this this
is the dice shard room because like we
could at least take hot bombs here and
be okay with it I think you crack into
these you can dice shard dollars I mean
those are two not good items but I mean
it's 10 bombs
oh oh oh it works it totally works so
you take restock and now we don't have
to worry about time at all so just slow
your roll shoot the fire just so you
don't accidentally screw yourself you
take champions oh you take Knight let
you take everything you can get like
stopwatch should be good can we dice
shard here and then buy a battle ax if
we have a battery charge I think we can
continuously buy battery charges right
so let's start by die starting all of
this we don't really love those items we
don't love those items at all so we dice
shard again I don't really love those
items we got so much money so worthy to
get the triple re-roll here
you can take concussive tears you got a
you got to rethink the other to grab
this real quick I don't really like
little gertie that much yeah booger
tears are well worth it but it's it's
close so I'm not going to lie to you now
what about these like hot bombs are not
that good this is good by the way
because it's giving us a crack at Oh
money equals power
even though we're probably going to lose
a lot of it it's good because it gives
us a crack at items that are not in the
shot pool and three cents the two of
diamonds please ace of diamonds I don't
know we need dice shots still but we
don't need the full card blow this guy
up give me a bunch of pennies of course
I mean we knew that's not how that was
going to go but it's worth the three
cents to re-roll the item versus the
seven cents to buy a bad item to take it
out as long as we have a battery charge
which we no longer do so we're going to
spend a lot of damage to make this
happen but it's all with the express
purpose that's what we wanted right
there chaos of making this run actually
pop and that's our last item we don't
really need Guppies paw so I think the
other thing worth noting is maybe you
just died shard right now no we only
want to die char right every one of the
money even if we get something we like
so the other thing we're going to do is
place bombs like all around because
there could be a black market and if
we're gunning for like the world's
weirdest win that's probably pretty
unlikely right now why not shoot for the
moon right even if we miss we'll land
amongst stars there could be a black
market there but the odds are fairly low
we kept the speed upgrade for survival
purposes and I think we're ready to go
this is really just about playing well
at this point I didn't take number one I
did think about it but I think on a
fight like this I value being able to
stay as far away as possible and it
really is going to be like a laborious
hush fight it should be like by design
so I am actually a genius and I didn't
even know it
sad bombs booger tears protects us from
being hit on like one side of the hush
completely that's the stupidest great
news I've ever had in my life it's not
the greatest news I've ever had but it's
the greatest news for which I've been
excited that is the most minor thing
ever
so oh you almost swim right into that
one buddy that seemed to do damage
really enough think of the next step is
you want to dump like as many shields
and tears around as possible
we're just trying to surround him so
that effectively like he's completely
neutered here probably goes without
saying but if I win on the hush fight
and lose on delirium I'm going to be an
extremely happy boy we probably have no
business winning on either I think he's
dead as soon as he pops up
so for all the money we spent here and
all the points we lost by spending that
money we're going to get like 4000
points just for finishing this so we had
to do it now the final step of our
idiotic master plan fight every boss
who's not Delirium and then I mean when
it comes to delirium I don't know what
you do but I think we can be proud of
today's daily regardless like I wish
that there was a way to like there was
not to cheese it but I wish there was a
way that was sensible to make it through
the Delirium fight we like it has to be
an I'm drowsy pill that's that's what we
need right now and I think we would have
seen one by now probably we've taken
like 70 pills but we can do everything
out that's probably not complete
delirium coming off a tiny room like
that but we can't check it we could do
the cheesy play and I think if we do the
cheesy play we have a better chance I'm
not going to say you know it's the
difference between front page and not
front page but we probably rank better
perch does nothing but there's no real
reason not to hold it and if you'll
forgive me I'm going to choose not to do
too many rerolls with the dice charred
simply because I want to save it for
item rooms wherever possible and by item
rooms I mean at this point bathrooms
because
you can't really dance everybody will
save the battery charges cuz then we can
go back and use it on boss rooms that
are right next to one another but I mean
what's our damage penalty gonna be if we
die like under a thousand for sure
because it's zero right now so you take
rune bag and if it gives you algis then
you know you're living life your love
and life everything related to your life
you're okay with but I really mean this
sincerely I am 1 million percent content
on today's daily we should not have been
able to beat hush and really booger
tears save the day I do see that there's
a there's an item back there or a room
back there I should say what kind of
room is it it's a blank room well you
take that over perks and then if we
accidentally make it into the delirium
fight then you got a way out you know
easy you have to not because of the
guppy chance but because of the respawn
chance there's a chance because it'll
respond us with holy mantle so this gets
rear old and you know it's going to get
rear old again probably this should not
be delirium I'm happy it isn't cuz it
could have been but it shouldn't be just
out of the goodness of their heart right
guys shard blank room ok so now every
other fight does have a chance to be
delirium you should pick up every
consumable on the way because if we
don't well you probably don't need me to
tell you what happens the next step is
getting like infinity charges and
hopefully finding like if we could go
into the fight with a full blank card
charge and double algae's that's the way
we do two algae's runes and a blank rune
charge
blank card caught in charge you know
what I mean at this point we're picking
this stuff up because the extra damage
probably won't make all the difference
but could make a lot of difference and
it's worth points regardless so what's
this
that's just HP so we roll it 99 bombs
very good
instant point bonus we'll just continue
our exploratory efforts here and I think
you know we've probably done like a
hundred dailies at this point maybe more
maybe closing in on that number at least
this is definitely in like the top 5% of
dailies that I'm proudest of yesterday's
might be in there too so it's been a
pretty nice you know running form for us
black ruin is is weird
it's possibly my favorite rune in the
game even if it's largely due to novelty
you know the fact that Yara and perthro
have been in the game for a hundred
years I really like black rune it's a
little muted by the fact that we don't
really have multi item rooms that are
showing up down here and we also don't
really need too much on the statistical
side of things right now what do we want
like a speed upgrade tiers upgrade I
guess is the is the non smartass answer
today
although wait a minute we have sad bombs
we also have kidney stone yeah so I
don't know this might have just ruined
our run or might have taken it to the
next level but if you get dr. fetus sad
bombs I don't care if you're on a daily
Meili a ukulele a shillelagh you take it
that's what you do kind of stinks with
Jacob's Ladder but then the sad bomb
effect should work with Jacob's Ladder
bang bang Jacobs silver ladder comes
down on his head - - - I think we're
still like completely fine although I do
think this is worse we're just waiting
on algae's and a gyro rune is good
because it means that if we get an
algae's we've actually got two algae's
it's hard to justify playing a judgement
right now because our money is also our
power and we don't want HP although we
could use another like a free item
pedestal we got hit
[Music]
I don't know what we got hit by but I
don't like it
range down it's actually pretty bad we
did lose the effect of booger tears as
well which I didn't really consider but
is horrible but do you have Ouija boards
here that I'm unaware of or something
yeah all we need is one algae's man
which is why we're still exploring that
and I'm you know deathly afraid of
fighting definitely afraid of fighting
delirium at this point what do you think
there's like AI think it's least likely
to be that room up there like the the
little one so I'm going to go for that
one first so we're still trying to crank
out like random runes as well like you
got something for me no you do not
I'll call it uh it was the wrong pickup
to take dr. fetus and you probably saw
that coming a mile away but
there's a couple of things we can do
because we have yeras we can you know
blank card Yara a bunch of consumables
we should just leave and re-enter for
safety's sake what is that why are my
shops going strangely we could blank
card Yara like a room full of money or
something like that fairly frequently
but we could also blank card the blank
rune over and over I don't really want
to do that I want to beat delirium and
then take my win my deserve and win yeah
okay think weary roll this don't think
little horn does anything for us so
here's my new game plan we've only got
two bosses equal chance their delirium
in my opinion I think we Yara our blank
room then we take the blank rune times
two plus a battery charge into our boss
fights here and we're just looking for
delirium and by delirium I mean that
we're looking for al juice so we start
with mask even for me don't pop anything
here if you need to reroll the item just
go back and take dice char because you
know the next boss is delirium yeah like
that should be dice sharded because it's
garbage so and you know do we want to
use black rune we could but I don't
think it's the right play I think the
right play is what we're doing right now
go back and grab Dai shark because we
need a better class of item we can't
just rely on I mean it's not very good
to be honest and it'll shoot a bomb
occasionally so I'm going to stay away
but go back give Blanc Rouge we're going
to fight delirium if we beat delirium
we will rank in the top page if we don't
be delirium I mean it'll probably pretty
negatively compromised this run in terms
of its score but we got to try you don't
come to this point and then just quit
you got to try so let's do it big
problem right now got to get right next
to the boss okay
I've also been hit already it's an
algae's
so I'm trying not to pop rooms until
necessary because we could respawn and
then we want the runes with algae's why
are we staying so far away
poppy next room para throw pop your next
room I don't know what that last one is
beans are a problem if I hadn't taken
the dumb damage it sucks that it took me
out but look at that 40 second I am NOT
displeased by that and we came so close
if I just hadn't taken that stupid
damage early and I've been a little bit
more aggressive I think we probably
would have gotten the kill there but for
now thanks for watching I'm very proud
of this one if you enjoyed it click the
like button helps out a great deal of
course subscribe if you wanna see more
in the future but for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time